# covidpatient-app
 >Instruction  This assignment will implement the different types of linked lists  that we learned in Chapter 5. Specifically, you are required to  implement a Doubly Linked List and Sorting List.  After completing the exercise, you should be able to  implement the three types of lists discussed in Chapter 5 in Java,  and to use an iterator to enable manipulation of your linked list.    >Problem:   In this exercise, you are required to write a program that will be  used to determine a Patients expected reaction to COVID-19 overtime.  As we do know, COVID-19 negatively affects especially patients with  pre-existing conditions. Your program assists by enabling patient details  together with the patients current medical conditions to be retrieved.  >Assignment  Your task is to create an application that stores the patient details.  For each patient, a list of existing medication conditions that can be  easily printed out when the patient comes to hospital is also required.  However, some medical conditions may not be know in advance.  A patient can go to the hospital anytime, receive a new diagnosis,  and that can added to the patient information anytime.  Also, a patient with existing diagnosis could get better, and in that case, we should be able to remove the diagnosis from the patient.   >In the assignment:  You are required to create a simple array structure to store patients’ records.   We keep the following information about our patients: PatientID (number), LastName, FirstName all as Strings.  Your data structure must also have appropriate methods to access  and modify  this information. For each of our Patients, we also want to store their Medical Conditions.  For each Medical Condition, we are interested in:  name of the condition, how long the patient had it  (optional bonus marks: you can use a date of diagnosis),  one drug/medicine that the patient is currently taking for the condition.   >The user of your application must be able to:  .Create a new patient with no medical conditions .Create a new patient with a known medical condition Add a medical condition to an existing patient Print a list of all patients and their existing medical conditions Remove a medical condition from the patient Add a specific drug/medicine to patients with a specified medical condition   Sort a specified patient’s medical in ascending order Add a new list of medical conditions to the patients existing conditions    Submission:  At the minimum, you submission must have the following classes  Patient  – to store patient details Medical condition – stores information about the medical condition Link class – defines the objects stored in the linked Linked List – to enable the operations of a linked list ListIterator – to enable traversal and manipulation of your linked list CovidPatientApp – that enables me to test your application
